Adds `hasLink` test for examples; update ~37 descriptions to pass (#474)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js-docs: docs/pages/example/filter-features-within-map-view.md

- "import html from './filter-features-within-map-view.html';"
---

> Use [`queryRenderedFeatures`](/mapbox-gl-js/api/map/#map#queryrenderedfeatures) to enable a user to move a map to query viewable features in a vector tile layer and filter by typing in an input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses [`queryRenderedFeatures`](/mapbox-gl-js/api/map/#map#queryrenderedfeatures) to restrict a list of features in a vector tile layer to only return those that are visible in the map view. 
```
